is the ardor for the boys or the girls
girls it's a grab hold of a plugin in
Alaric's i think that the female
celebrities have it quite difficult when
it comes to latin because they have to
carry themselves a little bit more I
think it's hard for everybody I think
different dance is pretty different for
different people could I sit on fence a
little bit more I think definitely it's
hard for the boys the boys celebrities
whose they have to lead nothing is hard
for everyone really I don't think
anyone's everyone's in the same boat
over the boys the girls have really no
they think probably boys girls boys and
girls I got mine as long as they do a
good program and they achieve something
good for themselves and for us I love it
we're giving it everything always we're
leading believe your hips I would never
use them possible yeah an island because
of us and our necks were no absolutes
I'm gonna make a peep coming yes let's
go